Our guys work.
In this lecture, we are going to be able to increment the quantity of the products and also the increment,
the quantity of the product.
To do this, the first step is we have to go to the models territory and then the product model five
and over here.
What we can then do is we can create a function and we are going to call the function increase.
Okay.
And hope we just have to say, is quantity.
Quantity.
Plus.
Plus, right.
That is basically we want to add one to it whenever the button is clicked.
Okay.
And now we have to go to the provider directory and then the cards on the score.
Provider, dot, dot fi.
And over here.
We are going to create a function again and we are going to call this function.
Inquiry.
In Cree -- OC.
And the first step is to have access to this function over here.
And you can see this function is within this product class.
So what we can then do is over here we can create a variable called product and we can just go ahead
and specify it is a type of the product's model and we are going to call this variable product.
And all we just have to say is to say product.
Products then dot increase.
Sorry, dot increase.
Okay.
Creitz.
And lastly, we have to call the notify list in order to check for the changes we are making and update
it real time.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
And now what we have to do is to call the function in the in the car screen.
Okay.
Cut screen content B and we have this plus icon over here.
Right.
And we the function we then have to say cuts.
Provider.
But what does increment and you can see is asking for the product and all we just have to say is cut.
Then let's get items.
Then we want to assess each item by their index.
Okay.
And how this okay.
And what we can then do is we can get rid of this and we have to say cut provider to display the quantity
cut provider.
Card provider.
Then.
Okay.
Then does what?
Get items then in dance.
And basically we just want to assess the quantity and this is a number, so we have to convert this
to a string.
And this is basically it's okay.
Okay.
Let's go try this out.
Now click on this.
Okay.
Click on this.
Cisco.
I'm just going to another.
And this.
Maybe from the electronics.
Sorry.
And the clinics and.
Two cards.
Click on this to go check it out.
And currently.
Default is set to one.
Okay.
Sounds cool.
And now we are going to be able to increment the increments from my English.
Okay.
And back to what the model is dietary and then the product model.
And we have to create another function and we are going to call this decrease.
The crease the that.
And all we just have to say is call the quantity again.
Quan t.
T.
And we are going to minus now.
Okay, that is minus one.
And now we have to head back to the provider directory and then the cards provider.
And over here we can create another function and we are going to call this function the CRE myth.
Okay as well.
We can specify the repo is going to be a type of product and product.
And we have to then core the products.
Then what?
This is going to be decreased.
And in order to get that screen change, we have to say notify listing.
You can see why when we click on this, it's going to update its real time.
Right?
So this is the work of does the work of this notify listener to check for changes we are currently making.
So the cuts.
Right.
And in order to use this notify listing efficiently, what we needed to do was to extend from the change
notifier.
And now back to the cut screen.
Cut screen.
Where you and.
And this is the minus icon.
So this is going to be what cuts provider.
To get items and once assess each item.
Each item and currently we have three item rights.
We want to assess each item.
By the index.
Index is basically 012012.
Right.
Okay.
Good.
And.
And so.
Not this.
Copywriter George.
That's.
I think we call this document and this is going to be cost provider.
To get items and we want to assess them by the index and others via.
Can try and save.
And go check this out.
Okay.
Like on this we are able to.
You do command?
He wants a zero minus.
We are going to sort out this.
I think maybe in the next lecture.
Okay.
We could also increment now and the command.
Right.
Okay, Cisco.
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.